To Do List


-Expand library of pokemon

		Add more pokemon, currently ~a dozen in the system


- Expand library of moves

		Add moves, type moves are specific to types of pokemon. (fire moves -> fire pokemon)


-Improve Battle function

		Most notably, the defending pokemon's defense stat needs to be considered when determining how much to decrease his hp when being attacked.

		About Battles: 
			The user and his set of pokemon match up against another pokemon.
			The user and opposing pokemon take turns selecting moves. The pokemon with the highest speed stat
			goes first each turn. Speed can increase/decrease during a battle using "other" moves.
			Instead of picking a move, the player could also select a consumable item from his inventory,
			like a healing potion or anti-paralysis potion. This will replace his move and end his turn.
			If the player is battling a wild pokemon, he can also choose to flee, RNG determines if he suceeds in escaping
			A battle ends when a single opposing pokemon is captured with a pokeball, if the opposing pokemon all faint (hp <= 0)
			Or if the user's pokemon all faint. The player earns money for a victory, and loses money in a defeat. 



-Create user Inventory

		contains all of the user's items, like potions that heal pokemon or pokeballs to capture pokemon


-Create more moves and semi-randomly assign 4 to each pokemon. 

		There are normal attack moves which can be possessed by any and all types of pokemon (punch -normal)
		There are special (type) attack moves which are possessed by the same type of pokemon as the move. (fire blast -fire)
		Each pokemon has a normal attack, special (type) attack, and two more moves	
		Other moves are buffs that increase user stats or decrease enemy stats. These can be normal or specific type moves as well.
		4 moves are randomly assigned to a new pokemon. 1 normal attack (i.e. bite, charge, kick idk)
														1 special attack (fire blast, water ball, grass orgasm, etc.)
														1 normal other (i.e. charge up, defense ball, leer )
														1 special other (i.e. google this)


-void shop()

		The user visits the shop and can purchase potions, pokeballs, and more. Purchased items go in the inventory


-void viewInventory

		The user can view his inventory including his items, stats, and his pokemon and their stats/moves.
		The user can apply potions to his pokemon






-void function to search for pokemon. 

		The user explores his nearby region and potentially encounters wild pokemon (RNG). 
		The user must battle() the wild pokemon he encounters. 
		The user can throw pokeballs at the pokemon it is battling to capture it and add it to his squad (max 6)
			-RNG for pokeball capture success, odds are higher the lower target pokemon health is. Ideal capture HP is 1-5



*** Main Function ***
In the main function, the player is repeatedly asked to view inventory, search for pokemon, visit the shop, visit the
pokemon center, challenge other trainers, or challenge the gym. 

When the user challenges the gym, he battles a series of 3-5 pokemon trainers, 
who increase in difficulty up to the final gym leader. 
If the player can defeat the gym leader, he wins.


//to commit code and push to github from terminal

git commit -a -m "update message in quotes"
git push origin main